miyoskamin, miyoskamin,
pemiywâsin.
wayawîtimihk niwîhitohtân,
niwînitawimetawân.

âhâhsiwak takopihâwak,
sîsîp mîna.
kahkiyaw pisiskîsak waniskâwak.

miyoskamin, miyoskamin,
pemiywâsin.
wayawîtimihk niwîhitohtân,
niwînitawimetawân.

piyesîsak nikamowak,
ayîkisak mîna.
mâci sâkipakâw,
miyoskamin.

miyoskamin, miyoskamin,
pemiywâsin.
wayawîtimihk niwîhitohtân,
niwînitawimetawân.

miyoskamin, miyoskamin,
pemiywâsin.
wayawîtimihk niwîhitohtân,
niwînitawimetawân.

miyoskamin, miyoskamin,
pemiywâsin.
wayawîtimihk niwîhitohtân,
niwînitawimetawân.

---english translation---

It is spring, it is spring.
It's starting to be nice.
I'm going outside,
Im going to go out and play.

The crows are flying back,
The ducks too.
All the little animals are awake.

It is spring, it is spring.
It's starting to be nice.
I'm going outside,
Im going to go out and play.

The birds are singing.
The frogs too.
Everything is budding,
It is spring.

It is spring, it is spring.
It's starting to be nice.
I'm going outside,
Im going to go out and play.

It is spring, it is spring.
It's starting to be nice.
I'm going outside,
Im going to go out and play.

It is spring, it is spring.
It's starting to be nice.
I'm going outside,
Im going to go out and play.
